hi guys is Ben Heath from elite guru and
in this video I'm going to show you one
simple tip that can really improve the
quality of the leads you're getting from
Facebook keep watching so I quite often
hear people say that the quality of lead
that they generate via Facebook just
isn't good enough they say that when
they try and follow up with the new lead
that they don't respond they don't
answer the phone they don't call back
they don't answer an email or perhaps
even if they do manage to make contact
that they don't perhaps have the budget
that they would need to work with this
particular company and of course this
can and does happen with Facebook
advertising just like it happens with
the leads that you generate from any
other form of advertising particularly
if you're going after the high end of
the market and one of the easiest ways
to fix this to improve the quality of
the leads that you're generating from
facebook actually has nothing to do with
Facebook it has to do with your lead
generation process after your prospects
leave Facebook now before I get into
that I should quickly mention that if
you are after information on the
Facebook part of generating leads then
check out my YouTube channel I've got
tons of videos about all that sort of
stuff but once someone leaves Facebook
and they come through to your website
most people's lead generation process is
simply to have a contact form somewhere
on the website probably on the contact
page where people can enter in their
details and if you have that sort of
setup you've probably experienced a
scenario where people are getting in
contact via your contact form and you're
emailing them or calling them and a lot
of those people just aren't responding
and the issue is that those people that
have just come through to your website
and filled out your contact form they're
not very invested in the process and not
necessarily really into your products
and services yet so to save my time I
like my prospects to make more of a
commitment when they become a lead and
where possible I like to get my
prospects to book a free phone call
directly into my calendar now there are
a few different companies that provide
this software and I've tried a bunch of
them but accuity scheduling is my favor
it's the easiest one to use at least in
my opinion so if you do want to check
them out do you want to give them a go
then you can click on the link in the
video description you can get a 14-day
free trial and after that it just costs
1015 dollars a month something like that
something that's very affordable and I
should say that if you do click on the
link in the video description I am and
accurate you scheduling affiliate so I
will earn a small commission if you go
ahead and buy the service and whether
you use your QT scheduling or one
other options I'd really recommend that
you put this system in place it's really
valuable to have a calendar available
where your prospects can go in and book
a slot directly without having to
communicate with you you lose all that
back-and-forth and they become a lot
more involved in the process now because
this process is a lot more involved you
are going to generate less leads there
are some people that aren't going to be
bothered to go into your calendar and
book a slot but the ones that are
involved in the process that are really
interested in your product or services
they are going to do that so you're
going to retain the higher quality leads
whilst getting rid of the the the lower
quality ones so overall I think it's
much better to have a system like this
set up you reduce the quantity but you
massively increase the quality and you
keep the ones that you were likely to
end up working with anyway and if you
want to see exactly how this lead
generation process works then you can
book a slot directly into my calendar
now to talk about Facebook advertising
for your business all you need to do is
click on the second link in the video
description and I'll give you a quick
call to find out a little bit more about
your business what it is that you're
looking to achieve and see if we can
help you get there so hopefully you'll
book a slot in my calendar and we'll
speak soon thanks a lot guys